- 20241009
- At a certain season ~~in~~ of our life we are accustomed to consider every spot as the possible site of ~~the~~ a house.
- I have thus ~~survayed~~ surveyed the country on every side within a dozen miles of where I lived.
- In imagination I have bought all the farms in succession, for all were to be bought, and I knew their price.
- I walked over each farmer's premises, taste ~~the~~ his wild apples, discoursed on husbandry with him, took ~~the~~ his farm at his price, at any price, ~~and~~ ~~morgaging~~ mortgaging it to him in my mind, even ~~at~~ put a higher price `on it` —— took everything but a ~~deal~~ deed `of it`—— took his word ~~as the~~ for his ~~deal~~ deed, for I ~~was~~ dearly ~~loved~~ love to talk —— ~~I have~~ cultivated ~~the place~~ it, and him too~~,~~ to some ~~extend~~ extent,`I trust`, `and withdrew` ~~leaved~~ ~~after~~ when I ~~have~~ had enjoyed it long enough, leaving ~~it to~~ him to ~~carried~~ carry it on.
- This ~~experiance~~ experience ~~made~~ entitled me `to be`  regarded  as  a `sort of real-estate broker`  ~~broke dealer~~ by my friends.
- 20241010
- ~~No matter where~~ Wherever I ~~sit~~ sat, ~~where~~ there I `might` live, and the landscape radiated from me `accordingly`.
- What `is` a ~~home~~ house but `a sedes`, a seat? better `if` a country seat.
- I ~~found~~ discovered ~~that~~ `many` ~~the position of many houses~~ a site for a house ~~was~~ not likely to be `soon` improved`,` which ~~is~~ `some might have` thought ~~to be~~ too far from `the` ~~villiage~~ village, but ~~I think is~~ to my eyes the village `was too` far from it.
- ~~I said~~ Well, there I might live, `I said`;`and` there I did live, ~~and spent~~ for an hour, ~~a day and a night as well as~~ `a` summer and `a` winter `life` ~~in it~~, ~~which I~~ saw how `I could let` the ~~time~~ years ~~flowing~~ run off, ~~overcame~~ buffet the winter `through`, and ~~saw~~ see the spring ~~comming~~ come in.

- At a certain season of our life, we are accustomed to consider every spot as the possible site of a house. 
- I have thus surveyed the country `on every side` within a dozen miles of where I live. 
- In imagination I have bought all the farms in succession, for all were to be bought, and I knew their price. 
- I walked over each farmer's premises, tasted his wild apples, discoursed on husbandry with him, took his farm at his price, at any price, 
mortgaging it to him in my mind, ~~and~~ even put a higher price on it, took everything but a deed of it, took his word for his deed, 
for I deerly love to talk, ~~and~~ cultivated it`,` and him too~~,~~ to some extent, I trust, and withdrew when I had enjoyed it long enougth, 
leaving him to carry it on. 
- This experience entitled me to be regarded as a sort of real-estate broker by my friends. 
- Wherever I sat, there I might live, and the landscape radiated from me accordingly. 
- What a house but a ~~seads~~ sedes, a seat? better if a country seat. 
- I discovered many a site ~~of~~ for a house  not likely to be soon improved, ~~for~~ which some might thought too far from the village, but to my eyes the village was too far from it.
- Well, there I might live, I said, `and` there I did live, for an hour, a summer and a winter life, saw `how` I could let the years run off, buffet the winter through, and see the spring come in.

- The future inhabitants ~~in~~ of this ~~area~~ region, wherever they `may` ~~put~~ place ~~the~~ their house`s`,  ~~would fount~~ `may be sure that ` ~~it was~~ `they have been` anticipated.
-  An afternoon ~~is~~ sufficed to lay `out` the land into `orchard`、`woodlot`、 and `pasture`,and `to` decide~~d~~ ~~which~~ `what fine` oaks ~~and~~ or pines `should be left to stand before the door`, ~~even~~ `and whence` ~~the~~ each ~~blastered~~ blasted tree~~s~~ `could` to be seen ~~as~~ to the best advantage.
- and then I let it lie, ~~like~~ fellow , `perchance`, for a man is rich ~~as much as how many~~ `in proportion to the number` of  things `which` he can afford to let ~~it~~ alone.