# 20241111
- Wilson sat on the balcony of the ~~贝福德~~ Bedford ~~h~~Hotel with his bald pink knees thrust against the ironwork.
- It ~~is~~ was ~~s~~Sunday and the ~~xxx~~Cathedral bell clanged for matins.
- On the other side of ~~the~~ ~~b~~Bond ~~s~~Street, in the windows of the ~~h~~High ~~s~~School, sat the young ~~n~~Negresses in dark blue gym smock`s` engaged on ~~a~~ the ~~imxxx~~ imterminable task of `trying to` ~~waving~~ wave their wirespring hair.
- Wilson stroked his very young ~~mouche~~ moustache and dreamed, wait~~t~~ing for his gin-and-bitters.

- Sitting there, facing ~~the~~ Bond Street, he had his face turned to the sea.
- His ~~palor~~ pallor showed how recently he `had` emerged from it into the port ~~,~~: so did his lack of ~~intrest~~ interest ~~on~~ in the schoolgirls opposite.
- He was like the lagging finger of the barometer`,` still ~~at~~ `pointing to` ~~the~~ ~~f~~Fair long after ~~his~~ its companion ~~pointing~~ `had moved` to ~~the~~ ~~s~~Stormy.
- Below him ~~some~~ the black clerks moved churchward, but their wives in  brillian`t` afternoon dresses of blue and cerise aroused no ~~intrest~~ interest in Wilson. He was alone on the balcony except for ~~a~~ one bear`d`ed Indian in a turban `who had already` tried to tell his fortune`:` ~~It~~ this was not the hour or the day for ~~the~~ white~~s~~ `men` -- they ~~was~~ `would be`  at the beach five miles away, but Wilson ~~has~~ had no car.
- He felt ~~alomost~~ almost ~~interloably~~ intorlerably lonely.
- ~~The~~ On either side of the school `the` ~~iron~~ tin roof`s`  slop~~p~~ed toward`s` the sea, `and` the ~~cl~~ `corrugated iron` above his head clanged and clat`t`ered as a vulture ~~alignted~~ alighted.

# 20241112
- Wilson sat on the balcony of the Bedford Hotel with his bald pink knees thrust against the ironwork.
- It was Sunday and the Cathedral bell clanged for matins.
- On the ~~opposite~~ ohter side of Bond Street, in the windows of the High School, sat the young Negresses in dark blue gym smocks engaged on the i~~m~~nterminable task of trying to wave their wirespring hair.
- ~~He~~Wilson stroked his very young moustache and dreamed, waiting for his gin-and-bitters.

- Sitting there, facing ~~to~~ Bond Street, he had his face turned to the sea.
- His pallor showed how recently he ~~was~~had emerged from it into the port: so did his lack of interest in the schoolgirls opposite.
- He was like the lagging finger of the barometer`,` still pointing to Fair long after its companion had ~~already~~ moved to Stormy.
- Below him the black clerks moved churchward, but their wives in brilliant afternoon dresses of blue or cerise~~s~~ aroused no interest in Wilson.
- He was alone on the balcony except for one beared Indian in a turban who had `already` tried to tell his fortune: this was not the hour or the day for ~~the~~ white men -- they would be at the beach five miles away, but ~~w~~Wilson had no car.
- He felt almost intorlerably  lonely.
- The either side of the school `the` tin roofs sloped towards the sea, and the corrugated iron above his head clanged and clattered as a vulture alighted.


# 20241112
## 看着英文打一遍
- Three merchant officers from the convoy in the harbour came into view, walking up from the quay.
- They were surrounded immediately by small boys wearing school caps.
- The boys' refrain came faintly up to Wilson like a nursery rhyme:" Captain want jig jig, my sister pretty schoolteacher, Captain want jig jig."
- The bearded Indian frowned over intricate caculations on the back of the envelope —— a horoscope, the cost of living? When Wilson looked down into the street again the officers had fought their way free, and the schoolboys swarmed again round a single able-seaman;they led him triumphantly away towards the brothel near the police station, as though to the nursery.
- A black boy brought Wilson's gin and he sipped it very slowly because he had nothing else to do except to return to his hot and squalid room and read a novel —— or a poem.
- Wilson liked poetry, but he absorbed it secertly like a drug.
- The Golden Treasury accompanied him wherever he went, but it was taken at night in small doses —— a finger of Longfellow, Macauiay, Mangan: Go on to tell how, with genius wasted, Betrayed in friendship, befooled in love..
- His taste was romantic.
- For public exhibition he had his Wallace.
- He wanted passionately to be indistinguishable on the surface from other men: he wore his moustache like a club tie —— it was his highest common factor: but his eyes betrayed him —— brown dog's eyes, a setter's eyes, pointing mournfully towards Bond Street.

## 看着中文翻译一遍
- Three merchant officers from the convoy in the harbour came into view, walking up from the ~~quey~~ quay.
- They were surrounded immediately by ~~the~~ `small` boys wearing school caps.
- The boy's refrain came faintly up to Wilson like a nursery ~~riyhm~~ `rhyme`:" Captain want jig jig, my sister pretty schoolteacher, captain want jig jig"
- The bearded Indian frowned over the intricate caculations on the back of the envelope —— a ~~horogrope~~ horoscope, ~~or~~ the cost of living?
-  When Wilson looked down into the street again, the officers `had` fought their way free, ~~but~~ `and` the schoolboys swarmed again round a single able-seaman. They led him triump`h`antly to the brothel near the police station, as though to a nursery.
- A black boy brought Wilson`'s` ~~his~~ gin, ~~Wilson~~ `and he` sipped it very slowly, because he had nothing else to do except to return to his hot and ~~qualid~~`squalid` room `and` read a novel or a poem.
- Wilson liked poetry, but he absorbed it secretly like a drug.
- The Golden Treasury ~~accomponied~~ `accompanied` him wherever he ~~go~~ `went`, but `it was taken at night ` ~~a finger with~~ `in` a `small` doses ~~only at night~~ —— ~~tak~~ `a finger of Longfellow, Macauiay, Mangan` :"Go on to tell `how`, with ~~how~~ genius wasted, Betrayed in ~~a~~ friendship, Befooled ~~at~~ `in` love.."
- His taste wa romantic.
- For public exhibition, he ~~always~~ had his Wallace.
- He ~~wish~~ `wanted` passionately ~~he was~~ `to be` indistinguishable on the surface ~~with~~ `from` other men: He wore ~~the~~ `his` moustache like a club tie —— `It was highest` ~~the most~~ common factor ~~for a men~~, but his eyes betrayed him —— brown~~ed~~ `dog's` eyes, `a` setter's eyes, pointing mournfully ~~to~~ `towards` Bond street.

# 20241113
## 看着英文一遍
- “Excuse me," a voice said, " aren't you Wilson?"
- He looked up at a middle-aged man in the inevitable khaki shorts with a drawn face the colour of hay."
- "Yes, that's me."
- "May I join you? My name's Harris."
- "Delighted, Mr. Harris."
- "You are the new accountant of U.A.C.? "
- "That's me. Have a drink?"
- "I'll have a lemon squash if you don't mind. Can't drink in the middle of the day."
- The Indian rose from his table and approached with deference."You remember me, Mr. Harris. Perhaps you would tell your friend, Mr. Harris, of my talents. Perhaps he would like to read my letters of recommendation..." The grubby sheaf of envelopes was always in his hand. "The leaders of society." 
- "Go off. Beat it, you old scoundrel, " Harris said.
- "How did you know my name?" Wilson asked.
- "Saw it on a cable. I'm a cable censor," Harris said. "What a job.What a place."
- "I can see from here, Mr. Harris. that your fortune has changed considerably. If you would step with me for a moment into the bathroom."
- "Beat it, Guanga Din"
- "Why the bathroom?" Wilson asked.
- "He always tells fortunes there. I suppose It's the only private room availabe.I never thought of asking why."
- "Been here long?"
- "Eighteen bloody months."
- "Going home soon?" Harris stared over the tin roofs towards the harbour. He said, "The ships all go the wrong way. But when I do get home you'll never see me here again."
- He lowered his voice and said with venom over his lemon squash,"I hate the place. I hate the people. I hate the bloody niggers. Mustn't call them that, you konw."


- 看着中文一遍
- "Execuse me" a voice said "Aren't you Wilson?"
- He looked up at a middle-aged man in a inevitable khaki shorts with a drawn face `the` coulour of hay.
- "Yes. that's me"
- "May I join you? My name is Harris."
- "Delighted. Mr. Harris."
- "You are the new accountant ~~of~~ `at the` U.A.C?"
- "That's me. Have a drink?"
- "I'll have a lemon squash if you don't mind. Can't drink in the middle of the day."
- The indian rose from his table `and approached` with deference. " You remember me, Mr. Harris, perhaps you would tell your friend, Mr. Harris, of my talents.Perhaps he would like to read my letters of recommendation." ~~A~~ `The` grubby sheaf of envenlopes was always in his hand." The leaders of society."
- "Go off.Beat it. You old scoundrel" Harris said.
- "How ~~do~~ `did` you know my name?" Wilson asked.
- "~~I~~ saw it on a cable.I am a cable censor."Harris said." What a job. What a place."
- "I can ~~tell~~ `see` from here, Mr. Harris, that your fo~~u~~rtune ~~had~~ `has` changed considerably.If you would step with me for a moment into the bathroom"
- "Beat it.~~You~~  Gunga Din"
- "Why `the` bathroom?" Wilson asked.
- "He always tells fortunes there.I suppose~~d~~ it ~~was~~ `is` the only private room ~~avaliable~~`available`.I never thought of asking `why` "
- "~~Had~~ been here long?"
- "Eighteen bloody months."
- "~~You get~~Going home soon?"
- Harris stared over the tin roofs towards the harbour, `he` said "The ships all go the wrong way.But ~~if~~`when`  I `do` get home, you will never see me here `again`." He lowered his voice and said with venom over ~~the~~`his` lemon squash "I hate the place. I hate the people. I hate the bloody niggers.Mustn't call them that, you know"

# 20241115
## 看着中文一遍
- Wilson sat on the balcony of the Bedford Hotel with his bald pink knees `thrust` against the ironwork.
- It was Sunday and the ~~Cathedal~~ `Cathedral` bell clanged for matins.
- On the other side of Bond Street,in the windows of the Hight School, sat the young negresses in dark blue gym smocks engaged on the ~~intermitable~~ `interminable`  task of trying to wave their wirespring hair.
- Wilson stroked his very young moustache and dreamed, waiting for his gin-and-bitters.

- Sitting there, facing ~~to~~ Bond Street, he had his face turned to the sea.
- His pallor showed how recently he had emerged from it into the port, so dis his lack of interest in the schoolgirls opposite.
- He was like the lagging finger of the barometer, still pointing to Fair long after its companion had moved to Stormy.
- Below him the black clerks moved churchward, but their wives in ~~brillian~~ `brilliant` afternoon dresses of blue or cerise aroused no interest in Wilson.
- He was alone on the balcony except for ~~a~~ `one` bearded Indian in a turban who had `already` tried to tell his fortune.
- this ~~is~~ `was` not the hour or the day for white men,they would be at the beach five miles away,but Wilson had no car.
- He felt almost ~~intorlerably~~ `intolerably` lonely.
- On ~~the~~ either side of `the` school the tin roofs sloped towards the sea, `and` the corrugated iron above his head clanged and ~~clatted~~ `clattered` as a vulture alighted.

- Three merchant officer from the convoy in the harbour came into view, walking up `from` the quay.
- They were surrounded immediately by small boys wearing school caps.
- ~~Their~~ `The boys'` refrain came faintly up to Wilson like a ~~nursury~~ `nursery` rhyme "~~Captin~~`Captain` want jig jig, my sister pretty ~~schoolgirl~~`schoolteacher`. ~~Captin~~`Captain` want jig jig".
- The bearded Indian ~~frown~~`frowned` over ~~the~~ intricate ~~caculation~~`calculations` on the back of ~~the~~`an` envelope, a horoscope or the cost of living.
- When Wilson looked down `into` the street again, the officers had fought their way free, but the ~~boys~~ `schoolboys had` swarmed  again round ~~the~~`a` single able-seaman.
- They led him ~~umtriphantly~~`triumphantly away` ~~to~~ `towards` the brothel near the police station, as though to the  ~~nursury~~`nursery`.

- A black boy brought Wilson`'s` ~~the~~ gin, `and` he sipped it very slowly, because he had nothing else to do except to return to his hot and squalid room and read a novel, or a poem.
- Wilson ~~likes~~`liked` poetry and he absorbed it secretly like a drug.
- The Golden Treasury accompanied ~~with~~ him wherever he went.`but` It was taken ~~only~~ at night ~~with a~~ `in` small doses, a finger of Longfellow, Macauiay, Mangan:" Go on to tell how, with ~~geneuis~~ `genius` wasted, betrayed in friendship, befooled in love"
- His taste was romantic.
- Fot public exhibition he had his Wallace.
- He wanted passionately to be indistinguishable on the surface from other people, He wore his moustache like a club tie. It was ~~the~~ `his` highest common factor, but his eyes betrayed him:brown `dog's` eyes, a setter's eyes, pointing mournfull`y` ~~to the~~`toward Bond` street.

- "Execute me" a voice said,"Aren't you Wilson"
- He looked up at a middle-aged men in `the` inevitable ~~kahaki~~`khaki` shorts with a drawn face `the` colour of hay.
- "`Yes`,That's me" 
- "May I join you? my name is harris"
- "Delighted, Mr harris,
- `You're the new accountant at the UAC` 
- `That's me` Have a drink?"
- "I'll have a lemon squash if you don't mind.Cann't drink in the middle of the day"
- The indian rose `from his table` and approached with deference.'You remember me Mr harris.Perhaps you `would tell` ~~told~~ your friend,Mr harris, of my talent`s`.Perhaps he would like to read ~~the~~`my` letter`s` of recommendation" ~~A~~`The` grubby sheaf of envenlopes was always `in` his hand."The leaders of society"
- "Go off. Beat it. you old scoundrel"
- "how ~~do~~`did` you know my name"
- "I saw it on a cable.I am a cable censor.What a place.What a job"
- I can see from here, mr harris. that your fortune had changed considerably.If you would step with me for a moment into the bathroom"
- Beat it
- why ~~in~~ the bathroom
- He always tells forturn`s` there.I suppose~~d~~ it ~~was~~`is` the only private ~~place~~`room` available.I never thought of asking why
- been here long?
- eighteen bloody months.
- going home soon?
- harris stared over the tin roofs towards the harbour "The ships all go the wrong way.but ~~If~~`when` I `do` ~~go~~`get` home you will never see me ~~again~~ here `again`."he lowered his voice, and said with ~~nemon~~`venom` over `his` lemon squash"I hate the place.I hate the people.I hate the bloody niggers.Mustn't call them that.you know."

# 20241117
## 看着英文写一遍
- “My boy seems all right."
- "A man's boy's always all right.He's a real nigger-but these, look at'em, look at that one with a feather boa down there.They aren't even real niggers.Just West Indians, and they rule the coast.Clerks in the stores, city council, magistrates, lawyers - My God..It's all right up in the Protectorate.I haven't anything to say against a real nigger, God made our colours.But these - my God.The Government's afraid of them. The plice are afraid of them. Look down there," Harris said, "look at Scobie." 
- A vulture flapped and shifted on the iron roof and Wilson looked at Scobie. He looked without interest in obedience to a stranger's direction, and it seemed to him that no particular interest attached to the squat grey-haired man walking alone up Bond Street. He couldn't tell that this was one of those occasions a man never forgets:a small cicatrice had been made on the memory, a wound that would ache whenever certain things combined - the taste of gin at minday, the smell of flowers under a balcony, the clang of corrugated iron, an ugly bird flopping from perch to perch.
- "He loves 'em so much," Harris said, "he sleeps with 'em."
- "Is that the police uniform?"
- "It is. Our great police force.A lost thing will they never find - you know the poem."
- "I don't read poetry," Wildon said. His eyes followed Scobie up the sun-drowned street. Scobit stopped and had a word with a black man in a white panama: a black policeman passed by, saluting smartly.Scobie went on.
- "Probably in the pay of the Syrians too, if the truth were known."
- "The Syrians?"
- "This is the original Tower of Babel," Harris said."West Indians,Africans, real Indians,Syrians,Englishmen,Scotsmen in the Office of Works. Irish priests,French priests,Alsatian priests."
- "What do the Syrians do?"
- "Make money.They run all the stores up-country and most of the stores here.Run diamonds too."
- "I suppose there's a lot of that."
- "The Germans pay a high price."
- "Hasn't he got a wife here?"
- "Whos?Oh, Scobie.Rather.He's got a wife.Perhaps if I had a wife like that,I'd sleep with niggers too.You'll meet her soon.She'the city intellectual.She likes art, poetry.Got up an exhibition of arts for the shipwrecked seamen.You know the kind of thing——poems on exile by aircraftsmen, water-colours by stokers, poker-work from the mission schools.Poor old Scobie.Have another gin?"
- "I think I will." said Wilson.
